Hey there!
Mark Boucher, paraglider pilot.
Welcome
to my mountain.
I've been flying here for 26 years,
and I've always been intrigued
by the mountain and flying.
I'm a thrill seeker
and an adrenaline junkie.
So I told myself
I absolutely, absolutely,
had to learn
how to practice this sport.
When you're
up in the air,
you don't think about
anything else
besides your flight,
you know?
It really is a special moment
just for you
to take your mind off everything.
That gives you energy
and, at the same time,
it's just good fun.
You're up in the air,
flying.
Just like a bird.
I like flying in Mont-Saint-Pierre
because it's one of the most beautiful mountains in Canada
for free flight.
There's the sea below,
mountains all around,
it's accessible...
that adrenaline rush you get
when you take off, you know?
“It's going to be hard
at first
because you're not moving.
Oh! Oh! And then,
it's going to kick in.”
With the professionals
we have,
with all the training they have
and their experience,
it's really easy to do, you know?
It comes naturally.
It's a lot easier than you think.
Shall we?